well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so last night I got a question and
uh when I first read it I was like how
does anybody not know this and then I
thought about it I'm like you know if
you were never in that community how
would you know and the question was why
is it bad for the US military to help
these countries and the militaries of
these countries in Central and South
America in regards to the war on drugs
well the first reason and I think the
reason most people know is that a lot of
these governments are very bad in the
military is the tool that is used to
oppress people but there are a couple
other reasons that I realized people may
not know in the United States if you're
a counter-terrorist for example you are
trained in terrorism you're a terrorist
and I don't mean that in a hyperbolic
sense of oh the US military is a
terrorist organization I mean that in
the sense of you are trained on the
theories and strategies and tactics used
you can run a terrorist campaign should
you choose it's kind of that I the
killer why and you got to think like a
lion type of thing counter-narcotics
works the same way so what happens is
one of these countries says hey we want
your help and we send seventh group down
to train them and they get down there
and they train them and then there's
this soldier or this cop whatever who is
a counter-narcotics
expert he understands how it all works
he's got it he understands the counter
Kotik side of it and he understands the
narcotics trade
then what happens I think most people in
the u.s. know that military training is
very expensive and those in the private
sector will pay handsomely for it I know
a sergeant who just left he was making
about 40k a year and now he's making
about two hundred and six months and
that's a legal work completely legal
approved everything five times as much
imagine how much you would make if it
was illegal so let's go back to that
country and that soldier a cop he has
that skill set and who wants it the
cartels they want to know what he knows
because once they have that information
they can find a way around it they can
find a way to counter it counter counter
narcotics we treat the cartels like a
criminal enterprise they're not they're
a paramilitary organization in the way
they're structured they have
intelligence and counterintelligence
guys they go out and they find these
guys and they recruit them and down
there they have to carry down the stick
and come to work for us and we'll pay a
whole lot more and if you don't we're
going to kill your family in a lot of
these countries the line between the
cartel and the government doesn't exist
it's hard to tell where one ends and the
next begins cartels control the judges
the cops
why wouldn't he do it he'd be stupid not
to so he joins he starts working with
the cartels now the cartels have all of
that information and they disseminated
this is why the war on drugs keeps
getting more and more and more expensive
because we have to keep coming up with
new tactics and new technologies to
counter the stuff that we trained that
was given away if you go back to that
whistleblower video means and methods
that's what's important to protect when
you're talking about secrets how you do
things is what's important not what you
did so the cartels get all of that
information and we've wasted it we've
wasted the training we've wasted all of
that money and it has done no good this
is why nothing's changed were 40 or 50
years into the drug war and the plants
have won then another reason that that
providing this kind of assistance
especially the more clandestine Tom kind
the type that isn't done by the army but
is done by intelligence agencies isn't a
good ideas because a lot of times I mean
I can think of more than one instance
where we ran dope for them our
assistance is not always good for the
people of these countries it's good for
the geopolitical situation for the US
and then if you ever doubt how misused
that training becomes never forget ms-13
the feared ms-13 became ms-13 when a guy
we trained took over is trained by the
school of Americans called something
else now
but that's why they have the attitude
that they have and they have that unit
integrity seems very military ask why
because it is
the war on drugs is a failure the plants
have one it's time to maybe look at it
from a different perspective and start
thinking of harm reduction and treatment
rather than war in incarceration because
we got beat by the plans anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night